README.md, before:

![MasterHead](https://github.com/VDNT11NULL/VDNT11NULL/raw/main/github-ppic.gif)

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vedant Marodkar</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Data Enthusiast from India</h3>


I'm deeply immersed in AI, specializing in Computer Vision, Privacy-Preserving ML, and Large Language Models.
My projects push boundaries, from adversarial purification to real-time vision pipelines, blending research with real-world impact.
Dive into my work to explore innovative solutions in PyTorch, Diffusion Models, and more!
🌟 About Me

- 🌱 Currently Learning: MLOps, Privacy-Preserving ML, GEN AI.
- 💬 Ask Me About: AI advancements, DSA, ML.
- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at my portfolio [https://vdnt11null.github.io/](https://vdnt11null.github.io/)
- 📫 Reach Out: vedantmarodkar11@gmail.com
- 🌐 Connect:<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-marodkar-0b142b254/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vedant marodkar" height="30" width="40" /></a>

Discover more on my GitHub or Portfolio.

📬 Get in Touch
Got a project idea or want to collaborate? Email me at vedantmarodkar11@gmail.com or connect on LinkedIn. Let's create something extraordinary!

Commit message:

Enhance README with practical AI solutions focus

README.md, after:

![MasterHead](https://github.com/VDNT11NULL/VDNT11NULL/raw/main/github-ppic.gif)

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vedant Marodkar</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Data Enthusiast from India</h3>


I'm deeply immersed in AI, specializing in Computer Vision, Privacy-Preserving ML, and Large Language Models.
My projects push boundaries, from adversarial purification to real-time vision pipelines, blending research with real-world impact.
I try to build pratical AI-based solutions for real-life usecases.
Dive into my work to explore innovative solutions in PyTorch, Diffusion Models, and more!
🌟 About Me

- 🌱 Currently Learning: MLOps, Privacy-Preserving ML, GEN AI.
- 💬 Ask Me About: AI advancements, DSA, ML.
- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at my portfolio [https://vdnt11null.github.io/](https://vdnt11null.github.io/)
- 📫 Reach Out: vedantmarodkar11@gmail.com
- 🌐 Connect:<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-marodkar-0b142b254/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vedant marodkar" height="30" width="40" /></a>

Discover more on my GitHub or Portfolio.

📬 Get in Touch
Got a project idea or want to collaborate? Email me at vedantmarodkar11@gmail.com or connect on LinkedIn. Let's create something extraordinary!
